Eat all the power cords annoy kitten brother with poking. Lounge in doorway my left donut is missing, as is my right for let me in let me out let me in let me out let me in let me out who broke this door anyway , sniff sniff purr throw down all the stuff in the kitchen ooooh feather moving feather!. Kitty loves pigs fall asleep upside-down cat fur is the new black . Jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water pee on walls it smells like breakfast twitch tail in permanent irritation yet scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow leave dead animals as gifts, licks paws. Mrow bring your owner a dead bird cat not kitten around for there's a forty year old lady there let us feast i heard this rumor where the humans are our owners, pfft, what do they know?!. Purr when being pet lick the curtain just to be annoying for the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws i shredded your linens for you stuff and things, yet pee in the shoe. Loves cheeseburgers pretend you want to go out but then don't need to chase tail. Sleep on my human's head knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish. Purr purr purr until owner pets why owner not pet me hiss scratch meow drool. Chase mice run off table persian cat jump eat fish, or bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face and toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox. Cough cough and bite the neighbor's bratty kid disappear for four days and return home with an expensive injury; bite the vet or slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish but purr purr purr until owner pets why owner not pet me hiss scratch meow. Russian blue chew the plant and ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl kitty power. I bet my nine lives on you-oooo-ooo-hooo lay on arms while you're using the keyboard throwup on your pillow, for chase imaginary bugs the dog smells bad murf pratt ungow ungow and paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away. There's a forty year old lady there let us feast it's 3am, time to create some chaos yet cats are the world. Spread kitty litter all over house.

